Add more details for platform builder (#888)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/en/concepts.md

        image: "busybox"
        cmd:
        - sleep
        - "1000"
      traits:
        - name: autoscaler
          properties:
            min: 1
            max: 10
    - name: frontend # 2nd service
      type: webservice
      settings:
        image: "nginx"
```  

### Why Application?

- Provide a single source of truth of the application description.
  - The `Application` object allows developers to work with a single artifact to capture the application definition. It simplifies administrative tasks and also serves as an anchor to avoid configuration drifts during operation. This is extremely useful in application delivery workflow as well as GitOps.
- Lower the learning curve of developers. 
  - The `Application` as a abstraction layer provides a much simpler path for on-boarding Kubernetes capabilities without relying on low level details. For instance, a developer will be able to model the auto-scaling requirements without referring to the underlying [KEDA ScaleObject](https://keda.sh/docs/2.0/concepts/scaling-deployments/#scaledobject-spec).

### Workload & Trait
Each service in the application is modeled by two sections: workload settings and trait properties.

> The workload settings section represents the characteristics that runtime infrastructure should take into account to instantiated and deploy this service. Typical workload types including "long running service" and "one-time off task".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workload settings section represents the characteristics that runtime infrastructure should take into account to instantiate and deploy this service. Typical workload types include "long running service" and "one-time off task".
```
